Link Frontend repo README to security policy (#2372)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: README.md

GOV.UK Frontend is maintained by a team at Government Digital Service. If you want to know more about GOV.UK Frontend, please email the [Design System
team](mailto:govuk-design-system-support@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk) or get in touch with them on [Slack](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/messages/govuk-design-system).

### Report a security vulnerability

GDS is an advocate of responsible vulnerability disclosure. If you’ve found a vulnerability, we would like to know so we can fix it.

> For full details on how to tell us about vulnerabilities, [see our security policy](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system/security/policy).

Reviewer: I think it probably makes sense to link to the security policy associated with this repo (I appreciate it's exactly the same content)

```suggestion
For full details on how to tell us about vulnerabilities, [see our security policy](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/security/policy).
```

Author: @36degrees Thanks - I'll check the sibling PRs to this one, to see if we also need to link their READMEs to the appropriate repos.

Author: I didn't do it in this commit, but I've actioned this feedback. :)

Find out how to [update with npm](https://frontend.design-system.service.gov.uk/updating-with-npm/).

### Security

GDS is an advocate of responsible vulnerability disclosure. If you’ve found a vulnerability, we would like to know so we can fix it.

> For full details on how to tell us about vulnerabilities, [see our security policy](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-design-system/security/policy).

Author: ```suggestion
For full details on how to tell us about vulnerabilities, [see our security policy](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/security/policy).
```
